Xue Rose brings Gwaner back to the skylight of the building
You go back first
One more person
I want to dance alone
Come on out.
Oh, dear.
Snowblade
Friend wake up
No hurry
friend
Wake up wake up
Xu Shao
Ah, why don't we go to the hotel?
What if this doesn't look good to the Qiao family?
I'm afraid the Qiao family will see
I'll tell you what.
It won't take a few days.
Lieutenant Governor
The scheduled 10 billion bidding project is about to be completed
By that time
Don't talk about Centennial George
It is the famous family in Jiangdong who see
You have to kneel and lick me
Tens of billions project
At that time, Master Xu can't forget him
It depends on how you perform today
Ah, are you fucking looking at chicken feathers here?
I didn't see anything.
I'm taking a shower.
Lin Fan
Your city doesn't have enough to be a failure
Let's see
How did you recruit such a trash to pursue?
How dare you disturb the good thing between me and Xu Shao
Qiao Weiwei, you can eat this meal indiscriminately, but you can't grab it indiscriminately
It's clear that you disturbed my shower
I'm disturbing you with Xu Shao
So you mean I'm here to disturb you
Do I need to apologize to you?
Oh, Mr. Xu, I have a pattern.
It's okay.
But if you want to apologize to me
It's not impossible
Hahahaha
Apologize?
Ok fuck you